23/7/2018
Reference 99999939
With 25 plus years experience as an Technical Support, I am adept in the maintenance, upgrade, and improvement of multiple systems. Moreover, while on the job experience has afforded me a well rounded skill set, including first rate organization , I excel at:

    Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers and scanners.
    Wrote and updated technical documents for team and other departments.
    Troubleshooting network or connectivity problems for users or user groups.
    Identifying the causes of networking problems, using diagnostic testing software and equipment.
    Optimizing tools and procedures for managing the environment.
    Consulting with customers to quickly determine problems as well as future computer needs.
    Performing repairs quickly, correctly, and ethically.
    Disassembling systems and rebuilding or building new ones.
    Proficiency with networking and understand concepts such as VPN, DHCP, DNS, IPv4, IP Subnets.
    Configured front end Cisco IP Phones and worked with the unified communications team
    Trouble shooting front end Citrix environment over an enterprise environment
    Studying for CCNA. Have worked on Cisco switches and Routers in my last job, so I know my way around them


In reviewing the attached resume, you will note that I have acquired valuable experience in all facets of troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance for various desktop operations, hardware, and software. I possess a unique talent for delivering highly complex technical information into terms and concepts that the end users can readily grasp. In addition to my experience and personal qualities, I have a educational foundation and a passion for Network Management. I excel under pressure, am skilled at building rapport with both colleagues and customers, and proficiently handle complex technical issues.

Furthermore, I am multi-task oriented, enjoy a challenge, and continually stay abreast of the latest advancements in the IT field.

Thank you for your time and consideration.




Sincerely,
Odell