 Cristina Peter
University of Toronto Sociology Department
Sandy McLarker
(999) 999-999
hello@kickresume.com
99 McGill St.
KR99 11 Toronto
Canada
August 1st, 2017
Hello, 
I would love to apply for the position of Peer Study Team Leader for SOC100/150. I am very excited about this position, and I think that I would be a great fit for it. In my first year at the University of Toronto I won the Max Weber award for my grade in SOC101, and would love to help others find the same success.
It might sound nerdy, but there is nothing more rewarding to me than helping other people succeed. I have always had a real love for learning, and I feel most fulfilled when I get to share my love with others. This passion has guided me to leadership roles throughout my life. In high school, I made my money tutoring students in debate. I have since pursued training roles at all of my jobs, volunteered as a mentor with Ideas for the World, and have been a successful independent tutor. I was even recently promoted at my current job to the position of RES Analyst. In that role, I take statistics about our store performance, and use it to create training plans and develop the skills of people on my team. I would bring genuine excitement to my role as study-group leader, and would be willing to work really hard to help my group.
First year can be really hard, something I learned when I moved across country to come to U of T. Over the last three years, I have learned a lot of lessons about how to make it easier. I know how to balance learning to live on your own, with finding academic success, and having a fulfilling extra-curricular life. My experiences have taught me many strategies about how to transition into university. More importantly, they have allowed me to develop patience, determination and enthusiasm, three things that are really crucial when helping first year students. I would love to use my experiences to help other students have a better year.
As a final note, my schedule is quite flexible this year, meaning I could be available whenever needed. I am taking some time away from my job to focus on my extra-curricular opportunities, and this role would be more than compatible with those responsibilities.
Thanks for your consideration,
Sandy McLarker